HaSeul : we're going to the airpot
HeeJin : Yes, we're going to Korea~
(And Prague is released from the Curse of Haseul)
(The four girls have arrived at the airport!)
HaSeul : We've done a photoshoot in Prague
HaSeul : and then we're on our way to Korea now
HaSeul : but stopped by here to transfer. It's been almost 7 hours
HeeJin : I think this waiting time mgight take longer than the shooting time
HeeJin : The photo would be beautiful as much as we worked hard
HeeJin : As much as we worked hard
HaSeul : Yes. No pains, no gains
ViVi : I think so too
(The girls had a good time in beautiful Prague)
HaSeul : Our LOOΠΔ TV isn't over yet!
HeeJin : Yes, it's never ending story
HeeJin : See you in Korea!